Liao Fan's god weapon
You must give me an explanation.
Oops Xiaoyun
Don't you think the price goes down even when a ninja talks?
The dirty work of a judge
I'll just leave it to your husband.
Zhang Shao, please show some respect
Gao Shaoyun, don't die, don't be shameless
So protect him
Have you slept with Dongying Dog?
Yes it is
You guys are making trouble in our Aolong Group, right?
Mr. Gao
We came down when we heard the noise just now
Did no one swipe you?
No just found one
Suspected Dongying Ninja appears
I'm working on it.
Zihao eldest nephew
You really gave this old man a great gift
Where is the ninja
Nonsense, it's this kid
The dart fell from him
Good boy, you can escape this old man
You are a little bit. Who are you?
How dare you hit someone on the street in my cat cage
It turned out to be a killing order
You are the City Lord Protector
Two people who have met the Protector